[docs] Add examples for adding and removing Typography variants (#24088)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/customization/typography/typography.md

{{"demo": "pages/customization/typography/TypographyVariants.js"}}

## Adding & disabling variants

> Apart from the default ones, you can also add custom variants, or disable some of the existing ones. See the [Adding & disabling variants](/components/typography/#adding-amp-disabling-variants) example for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to using the default typography variants, you can add custom ones, or disable any you don't need. See the [Adding & disabling variants](/components/typography/#adding-amp-disabling-variants) example for more info.
```
